Modify RubiksCube_gpt.html to do following:

place the Rubiks Cube in the center of rendering window. 
If it is mobile device, then orient it automatifcally so that it will be in landscape mode.
all radio button descripton should be in front of radio button, not below.
make orange and yello colors distinct, they look similar. Also default position of cube should have white later on top.
when a layer is selected, put a purple rectangular box around selected layer.
remove dragging/snapping feature of layer. There will be change in selection of layer. Instead of selecting later based on where the mouse pointer is, the two arrows for each layer should always apprear around each layer and it should move along with cube when the cube is oriented in different direction. When the mouse pointer is on any semicircular arrow, the corresponding layer should be selected and then it should show one more arrow along the later to show which direction it will be rotated and when user clicks on it, it should rotate. The semicircular arrows should point in direction where the layer will be rotated.
there is no way to select bottom layer, select it if mouse pointer is just below it on screen.
in front of layer selection drop down, add two buttons with semicircular arrows. When they are pressed, the selected layer will rotate by 90 degrees in each direction.
speed slider range should be from 0 to 10.
regarding 7 steps and buttons for them, the edit box should be wider and Execute button should be small in width. If auto mode is selected, the solution sequence of moves should be generated automatically and displayed in edit box and edit. When custom mode is selected, user should be able to type in sequence of moves and use standard letters for it, e.g. F for frony layer clockwise rotation, F' for front layer counter clockwise rotation etc.
In rotate cube mode, cube can not be rotated towards top after certain point. It should be completed free to rotate around all 3 axes.


the semicircular arrows in redering window around layers should appear always and should be away from layers so that they are visible. Currently they are hidden inside the layers. When mouse pointer is on any semicircular arrow, then it should also become purple in color otherwise it should remain light pink. The animation speed of 2 is default and normal. speed of 10 should be 5 times normal speed.
Now we dont need roate cube and rotate layer these 2 modes. When the mouse left button is pressed and dragged, it should rotate whole cube. When the left mouse button is clicked and released without dragging , it should rotate layer.


The arrow should be a quarter of circle, not half circle. Also they should have a clearly visible arrow pointer. By default their width should be half of current thickness and when any arrow is highlighted, its thickness should grow and color should change to purple. The arraw should appear on the side face of layer on one side.So for front layer, one arrow should be on left side face touching its head and tail on front layer and another arrow should be on right side face touching its head and tail on front layer. Arrage all the arrows in such a way that they do not intersect.
keep the arrows visible while layer is being rotated, currently arrows disappear durng layer rotation and then they reappear when layer stops.


The arrow direction is wrong.
The plane in which the arrow is, should be same as plane of layer. So for top layer, two horizontal quarter arc arows should appear on each side. So basically every face will have 3 quarter arc arrows arrached to it which will be outside of layer.
Also when arrow is highlghted, it changes the position, it should not happen. The arrow positionshould remain same,only color and thickness should change.




There are total 3 + 3 + 3 = 9 layer. There will be 2 arrows for each layer so total 18 arrows. 
there are only 3 visble faces. All arrows should be placed on visible edges of all small cubes.



in file RubiksCube_gpt.html, the rubiks cube is displayed in vertically compressed, it shoul dbe displayed properly without any scaling of vertical axis. It may be because the controls are moved to bottom. The bottom control with should be some minimum and it should be placed at center, so that if it is displayed on a big screen, it should not be elongated horizontally. Also it should be working on mobile screen and touch screens, curently the zoom in/out, rotate etc does nto work on mobile.  
Also remove current arrows to rotate the layers. Instead draw X, Y and Z axes, in their visible direction (positive or negative whichever is visible on screen). The length of axis visible on screen should be equal to side or cube. On that axis at midpoint (between surface of cube to end) draw two quarter arc arrows showing layer rotation direction. Draw simiar pair of arrows at the end of axis. The pair at end will rotate the layer which is visible and perpendicular to that axis. The pair at center of axis will rotate the later at opposit end of axis. Do same for all 3 axes.


1. modify RubiksCube_gpt.html to remove code which highlights layes when mouse pointer is on any layer. The layers should be highlighted only when the mouse pointer is on curved arrows. 
2. The arrows are not highlighted easily, make it easy for user to highlight arrows and corresponding layers easily by making it highlight when the mouse pointer is near the arrow within some tolerance.
3. Add ability to pan the cube. Currently it has feature only to zoom and rotate cube. Rotate cube does not work properly, fix it.
4. When Reset Orientation is pressed, it should reset to closer orientation to current position instead of very first initial orientation.
5. In the UI, by defauly custom mode should be selected and all edit boxes under it should be blank. When user clicks on Auto mode, the solution for current rubics cube to solve it should apprear in the edit boxes. Make sure the solution is correct and it solves scrambled cube to get the solved state.
6. create Rubik's Cube Solution.pdf from Rubik's Cube Solution.jpg where the cube pictures are colored, look 3D. Instead of arrows to show the moves, use some other colourful and 3D like arrows.
